---
title: 托福写作-朗读素材1
date: 2020-01-13 12:50:04
tags:
    - 托福
    - 写作
categories: 托福
---

###### 住在大城市更能照顾好家人

- 住在大城市更能照顾好家人

In large cities, there are more convenient facilities offered than in the countryside. There is an ample supply of daily necessities in urban districts. The advanced network of public transport makes it easier for people to commute to different locations, including shopping malls, parks and restaurants, etc. Medical care is also more accessible, with hospitals being set up on all corners of the city. Thus, health problems could be addressed in a timely manner. Meanwhile, there are many places for recreation in big cities so that the whole family can spend enjoyable times together.

##### 人为什么应该用自己的知识去解决问题，而不是依赖别人

- 人为什么应该用自己的知识去解决问题，而不是依赖别人

Furthermore, using one's own knowledge to solve a problem is a precious opportunity to conduct self assessment. Doubtlessly, self-evaluation is a necessary premise of one's personal progress and overall development. During the course of searching for the answer, one is granted the chance to use what has been learnt and judge if his knowledge base is solid enough to handle difficulties in real life. Discovering one's defects is also a critical step forward. After all, how could an individual obtain his success without a thorough test of himself? Therefore, overcoming a problem totally on one's own could be a meaningful way to receive objective feedbacks of his personal ability and quality.

##### 为什么电视转播比现场表演更好看

- 为什么电视转播比现场表演更好看

First of all, a large crowd present at an event makes the environment too noisy to bear. I once attended a live concert held by a famous singer in a city stadium. A group of fans who travelled all the way from another city was seated right behind me. They appeared to be so crazy about their idol that whenever this star began to sing, they went all out to scream out his name, and became excited to tears. Thus, other members of the audience and I were unable to hear a word. Our ears were also suffering from other noises around us. Since then, I have not been to any live performances. By contrast, the environment at home is much more peaceful and comfortable. With a cup of tea in my hand, I can enjoy the performance on TV to my heart's content.

##### 机器制品比手工制品有优势

- 机器制品比手工制品有优势？

In the first place, volume production considerably cuts down the prices of items made by machine. Advanced technology should be the major contributor to the enhanced productivity of modern industry. The installation of machines enables factories to produce more at higher speed. Thus, the costs have been brought down to a large degree. Consumers might be able to buy them at reasonable prices. By contrast, hand-made items like clothes and furniture require much more energy and time for manufacture. Inevitably, people have to pay more for it. Nowadays, the number of wise consumers is on the rise. Very few of them are willing to select more expensive goods. Thereafter, machine-made commodities, which are mostly cheaper, might become the first choice.

###### 独立写作-套用仿写

> Question:
>
>Do you agree or disagree with the following statement? Should the government focus more on preserving natural environment and less on economic development?
>
> Directions:
>
> Read the question below. You have 30 minutes to plan, write, and revise your essay. Typically, an effective response will contain a mininum of 300 words.

As far as I am concerned, the government should focus more on preserving natural environment and less on economic development.

Even though some people believe that the economic is most important things for now, especially in developing countries. As social beings, humans can never do without money and economic. Economic is the strongest enemy in all the developing countries and the same as developed countries. It has been widely acknowledged that healthy economic paves the way for a country to achieve the dream of the county, such as "American Dreams", etc. However, that does not mean what has been living on for billions years' planet, our home, the earth, should be ignore and is not worthwhile to fight for protecting it.

On the other hand natural environment is where our home is, just as Thomas Jefferson once expressed. To some extent, the essence contained within all school subjects. Without them, the building would soon collapse. In order to achieve our human being's future, it is imperative for us to protect the natural environment. Therefore, there is no excuse for anyone to shun the most fundamental task of protecting environment. In this regard, we may refer to Madame Curie, a Polish physicist and chemist famous for her pioneering research on radioactivity. She studied hard at school and earned her higher degrees. The subsequent scientific research made her the first person honored with two Nobel Prizes in physics and chemistry, and there are also a lot of other scientists like her posted a lot of paper to prove that how badly have human being hurt the earth. Evidently, these unprecedented achievements owed much to Madame Curies's hardworking on protecting our environment.

On the other hand, the modern world values possible ways  living longer on earth with natural environment, which is a key to humans future. Only through interaction with each country can  human bings master the art of making a better world. This vivid demonstrates the significance of relating well to natural. At universities, there are more and more projects or group work assigned to find more ways to protect natural environment.The participation in any project requires the ideas of helping people to understand how important it is for human beings living on earth which still have good natural environment.During these course of  experiment, students work together, they will build some simulation of the earth on the computer. Just like different components of an engine, every factors is interrelated. If a single part break down, the whole engine may like a boom and it will break down forever. It is such a amazing experiment that depicts the hold life cycle of human and our earth and the value of  living with natural harmoniously.

To sum up,  the government should focus more on preserving natural environment because it is the fundamental task about our life. One the other hand, the governments all over the world should take less on economic development, we have already developed compare to 1000 years ago, we don't need to take risks to destroy the natural environment or the earth to develop the economic, it's stupid, you're killing yourself anyway.Every single day spent on campus ought to be cherished in our memories, as this crucial period in life definitely become a brighter future, isn't it?

> Word Count: 549
> 讲义day1 范文
