---
title: 托福写作-思路拓宽1-对比类
date: 2020-06-19 16:37:58
tags:
    - 托福
    - 写作
categories: 托福
---

##### 对比类机经1-5题

重点机经1-5题

1. Do you agree or disagree with the statement? Schools should require young children (aged 5-11) to work together in a small group instead of working alone to learn many activities.

2. Do you agree or disagree with the following statement? Your job has more effect on your happiness than your living environment does.

3. Do you agree or disagree with the following statement? It is more important to watch or read news presented by people whose views are different from your own than watch or read the ones presented by people whose views are similar to your own.

4. Do you agree or disagree with the following statement: People who try to acquire more than one skill are more likely to become successful than people who just focus on one skill.

5. Do you agree or disagree with the following statement? When working on a project, it’s better for classmates or colleagues to communicate face to face than sending emails.

##### 对比类机经6-10题

重点机经6-10

1. Do you agree or disagree with the following statement? Instead of spending money on exploration of outer space, government should spend money on the environment.

1. Do you agree or disagree with the following statement? It's better to spend money enjoying life like going on vacation than to save money for the future.

1. Do you agree or disagree with the following statement? It is more important for the government to spend money on the construction of art museums and concert halls than on recreational facilities like swimming pools and playgrounds.

1. Do you agree or disagree with the following statement? It's better to complete a project and then start another one than to do several things at the same time.

1. Do you agree or disagree with the following statement? Movies and televisions have more negative influences than positive influences on young people's behavior.

##### 对比类机经11-15题

重点机经11-15

1. Do you agree or disagree with the following statement? Advice from older friends is more valuable than that from friends at the same age.

2. Do you agree or disagree with the following statement? The reading materials chosen by students on their own is more important than those assigned by their teachers.

3. Do you agree or disagree with the following statement? It is better to take risks and try new things for the young than for the elderly.

4. Some people think that it is an important part of a child’s education to go on field trips (for example, museums), other people think a child’s time is better spent learning in a classroom at school. What is your opinion?

5. Do you agree or disagree with the following statement: it's better to make friends with intelligent people than with people who have a sense of humor?

---

##### 母题库

1. Do you agree or disagree with the statement? To remain happy and optimistic when you fail is more important than achieving success.

1. Do you agree or disagree with the following statement? Children rely too much on the technology, like computers, smart phones, video games for fun and entertainment. Playing simpler toys or playing outside with friends would be better for children’s development.

1. Do you agree or disagree with the following statement? Students should be encouraged to study those filed like science, technology, engineering, and math(STEM) rather than they have interest in.

1. . Do you agree or disagree with the following statement: Some people think that it is an important part of a child’s education to go on field trips (for example, museums), other people think a child’s time is better spent learning in a classroom at school. What is your opinion?

1. . Do you agree or disagree with the following statement? The government should spend money helping more people access the Internet instead of improving public transportation.
