---
title: 托福写作-独立范文-单一观点类2篇
date: 2020-06-19 17:09:52
tags:
    - 托福
    - 写作
categories: 托福
---


##### 单一观点类1

Do you agree or disagree with the following statement? People holding different views cannot achieve success as a team?

In a team, unity is one of the most highly-valued commodities, with all members moving toward the same goal. Without their combined efforts, there is no way they could achieve that goal. Of course it is inevitable that each individual will have his own perspective and points of view. Differences of opinion should not hinder the progress of the team, but benefit group with fresh ideas. Thus, it is possible that people with different views can succeed as a team.

Admittedly, some people may concern that conflicts may arise if different viewpoints are put forwarded. Immersed in a heated debating atmosphere, some sensitive individuals might lose their temper and speak ill of others rudely, giving rise to undesirable hostilities among several group members. This inevitably undermines the existing harmony within the group. Therefore, some even propose that it is the responsibility of every member to be fully aware of this while discussing controversial topics, since mental unity is one of the most desirable qualities of an efficient team.

However, in a strong team where members are pursuing the same objective, different viewpoints will not necessarily have a negative effect. The prerequisite for any successful team is the unshakable goal that is shared by all. Thus, different views are unlikely to threaten the harmony and power of the entire team. In a sense, through the discussions and debates, people are provided with opportunities to get to know each other better. Thus, mutual understanding will be strengthened during those exchanges. It is also possible that stable friendships may also be established on this basis. Ample evidence can be seen in real life. I was once involved in a project that aimed at improving teaching methods. Some of my colleagues disagreed with my views, yet we managed to decide on a satisfactory plan through frequent discussions and even became good friends during the process.

In addition, differences may spark debates and in-depth discussions that give birth to better ideas. It is well known that debating on controversial issues is a
frequently-adopted means to provoke creative thinking. The same is true within a team. Psychologically speaking, with the objective of convincing the others of their valuable ideas, people holding different views may do their utmost to pick out the weak points of their teammates' ideas. This helps everyone to become clearer about those ideas. As for the flaws that are revealed, they can always be improved upon. In this regard, different views may be complementary to each other. By contrast, without any different ideas being articulated, which sometimes seems to be very vital in addressing problem in a relatively more comprehensive way, members of the team are likely to fail to gain more constructive and useful viewpoints.

In brief, as long as individual differences can be accepted and utilized, a team will not be negatively affected and teamwork has a promising future. Meanwhile, some open-minded team leaders might even try to encourage their members to express diversified thoughts freely. Thereafter, we may conclude that people with different views can make up a successful team.

##### 单一观点类2

Do you agree or disagree with the following statement? Because environmental issues are too complicated, individuals can do nothing to solve them.

Our current environmental problems grow ever more serious. Sometimes they seem so serious and confusing that it seems an individual could never do anything to help fix the problems. Personally speaking, I believe that individuals can make a difference. There are at least two areas where the efforts of ordinary individuals can be meaningful in solving environmental issues.

Admittedly, many people may hold that most people do not have the specialized knowledge and skills to tackle many issues related to the environment, which might discourage the general public to put forward any concrete proposals. Besides, people might believe that individuals do not have the influence to change entire systems since policies may be made by the authorities rather than the commonplace.

However, individuals can protect environment by changing their ways of waste disposal. If every person would classify his or her garbage before throwing it away, much of it could be recycled and pollution could be reduced. Just take beverage cans as one example. Recent surveys suggest that over 7, 000 tons of waste beverage cans go un- recycled each year in America alone. The cost of finding these cans after they have been thrown away, reclassifying them as recyclable and then sending them to be recycled is far higher than simply making new ones. However, if individuals would sort their cans before they discard them, and then discard them into the proper containers, the expense of recycling would decline greatly and there would be reduction in absolute pollution caused by the beverage cans.This is just one area where an individual can make a difference.

In addition, environmental problems will be somewhat resolved once individuals in society consume less energy. It is because the requirement of natural resources used to produce energy will reduce and as a result, the environmental damage human inflicts will also decline. As an academic survey indicates, if every family in American could reduce their electricity use by 5% a year, 1. 65 billion units would be saved. It means that the generator motivated by coals in the whole country can take a break for more than a month. In fact, not only can it make human' s requirement of natural resources less, but also it can alleviate the air pollution caused by burning coals. Consequently, for winning the battle of protecting environment, individuals' endeavor, undoubtedly, is a great strength that should not be ignored.

In conclusion, I disagree with the idea that individuals can do nothing in solving environmental problems since the issues are too complicated.