---
title: 托福写作-加分句40句
date: 2020-06-19 18:09:06
tags:
    - 托福
    - 写作
categories: 托福
---

##### 托福加分句

1. It is a must for sb to do sth ... 必须做... 【真题重现】:

    Should all teachers be required to take courses every five years to
    update their

    knowledge? 【真题运用】:

    It is a must for politics teachers to join in related courses to update
    their former storage of knowledge.

1. Be bound to ... 必然会... 【真题重现】:

    Should parents help to determine the future of their children?

    【真题运用】:

    Such an impetus is bound to be powerful and effective.

1. Under the instructions of ... 在...的指导下 【真题重现】:

    Helping students gain self-confidence or teaching specific knowledge? 【真
    题运用】:

    Under the instructions of their teachers in class, students can obtain a
    thorough understanding of what has been printed in the textbooks.

1. The real looks of ... ....的真面目 【真题重现】:

    Should university students be required to take at least one course that
    teaches them the culture of a country rather than their own?

    【真题运用】:

    It vividly demonstrates the fact that only from a different angle could a
    person

    obtain the real looks of his own surroundings.

1. A significant step toward ... 向...迈出一大步 【真题重现】:

    Working 3 days a week with long hours or working 5 days a week with short
    hours?

    【真题运用】:

    These are all positive phenomenon that mark a significant step toward
    social

    progress.

1. Be paved with ... 由...铺成 【真题重现】:

    In order to achieve happiness for yourself, you have to try to make other
    people happy?

    【真题运用】:

    The way leading toward everlasting happiness is paved with endless
    efforts to make others happy.

1. Be blamed for ... 因...受到责备

    【真题重现】:

    Should people have hobbies and do physical activities different from
    their work?

    【真题运用】:

    Under such adverse circumstances, nobody could be blamed for feeling

    overwhelmed.

1. Do one’s utmost to ... 尽最大努力去做... 【真题重现】:

    Should advertisements targeting children aged between 2 and 5 be banned?
    【真题运用】:

    In most cases, they would do their utmost to persuade their parents to
    buy their dream objects like expensive toys, snacks and drinks.

1. heavily loaded with... 负载过量的... 【真题重现】:

    Is it difficult for people to know whom to believe or who is telling the
    truth because of so many sources of information?

    【真题运用】:

    Heavily loaded with mountains of information from the advanced network of

    mass media, modern citizens are facing unprecedented psychological
    pressure.

1. There is no need to ... 没必要做... 【真题重现】:

    Has technology made children less creative than they were in the past?

    【真题运用】:

    In their eyes, technology has advanced to such a large extent that there
    is no

    need to use their own brain to overcome difficulties.

1. Deprive ... Of ... 剥夺;使...丧失 【真题重现】:

    Is one's working more important than being with one's family? 【真题运用】:

    Indeed, the fast pace of modern life has deprived citizens of more
    leisure time to spend with their family outside of work.

1. Be associated with ... 与...相关 【真题重现】:

    Won't students use printed books any more in 20 years?

    【真题运用】:

    Among the four great inventions in China's history, two of them are
    associated

    with books.

1. Bring ... to the limelight 使...成为注目的焦点 【真题重现】:

    Be more like others or be different from everyone else? 【真题运用】:

    Definitely, the concrete determination to be unique brings a pioneer to
    the limelight.

1. Be blessed with ... 享有...

    【真题重现】:

    Does telephone have greater influence on people's lives than TV? 【真题运
    用】:

    With the simple dialing of numbers, a person is blessed with the
    opportunity to speak to a friend far away and hear his voice directly
    through the telephone.

1. Excessive obsession with ... 过分沉迷于... 【真题重现】:

    Are most business people motivated only by the desire for money?

    【真题运用】:

    Such excessive obsession with moneymaking may incur unhealthy competition

    and pose a threat to the fairness of the whole market.

1. Well informed about ... 对...有深入的了解 【真题重现】:

    Is it desirable to know events from all over the world? 【真题运用】:

    The advanced network of mass media today has kept people well informed
    about what is going on in all corners of the earth.

1. Keep a blind eye to ... 对...视而不见 【真题重现】:

    People buy things not because they need them, but because others buy them?

    【真题运用】:

    Under such circumstances, people seem to keep a blind eye to whatever the
    others are pursuing.

1. Lay the foundation for ... 为...打下基础

    【真题重现】:

    Should children play and study rather than learn how to do household
    chores?

    【真题运用】:

    From the medical angle, it is widely acknowledged that children's brains
    are the quickest to assimilate new knowledge and thus this stage of life
    lays the foundation for their future education.

1. Come into one’s mind 使...想起; 进入...的脑海
    【真题重现】: Watching a
    movie: in a cinema or at home?

    【真题运用】:

    A familiar scene would come into people's mind whenever the cinema is

    mentioned: comfortably seated before the wide silver screen.

1. Endeavor to ...尽力做... 【真题重现】:

    Buy a house or a business? 【真题运用】:

    Cherishing this faith, most business owners would endeavor to cultivate
    their minds and steel their personalities.

1. Stimulus 激励;刺激 【真题重现】:

    Do grades encourage students to learn?

    【真题运用】:

    In a sense, pursuing high grades is indeed an essential stimulus for
    students to concentrate on their textbooks.

1. held in the palm of his own hand. 被掌握在某人手中

    【真题重现】: What can
    help you to succeed?

    【真题运用】:

    The success stories of numerous world-renowned celebrities justify the
    idea that

    one's bright future is held in the palm of his own hand.

1. immerse oneself in ... 沉浸于...;埋头苦干

    【真题重现】:

    Is it more important to work quickly with risks making mistakes than to
    work

    slowly with everything correct? 【真题运用】:

    Immersing himself in the task at hand can help him avoid careless
    mistakes.

1. be of top priority ...是最重要的

    【真题重现】:

    Should the government focus more on preserving natural environment and
    less

    on economic development? 【真题运用】:

    To begin with, as the foundation of society, economy is of top priority
    in all nations.

1. be obliged to... 有义务做...

    【真题重现】:

    Are some scientists responsible for the negative impacts made by their

    discoveries? 【真题运用】:

    For instance, before a new discovery is put to use for human needs, the
    discoverer is obliged to formulate official instructions which must
    include the most detailed introduction

1. for fear of... 为了避免;唯恐 【真题重现】:

    Is advertising the main cause of unhealthy eating habits?

    【真题运用】:

    For fear of putting on weight, an increasing number of people have joined
    a

    shared mission to become slimmer.

1. Prerequisite 前提;先决条件 【真题重现】:

    Does playing sports teach us about life? 【真题运用】:

    Indeed, motion is the prerequisite of life, without which all living
    beings would perish and the whole universe would no longer exist.

1. from all walks of life 来自各行各业的 【真题重现】:

    Are environmental issues too complex to be handled by the individual?

    【真题运用】:



    Hence, people from all walks of life, young and old, poor and rich,
    should offer to join in the campaign against environmental hazards.

1. bring into full play 充分发挥(作用) 【真题重现】:

    The most important things for governments to do to improve health care.

    【真题运用】:

    With increased public awareness, all these essential elements can be
    taken into

    account and brought into full play.

1. Facilitate 促进;帮助 【真题重现】:

    The only way the government can conserve energy. 【真题运用】:

    One of these effective methods is to facilitate the replacement of
    non-renewable resources with renewable energy.

1. Exert...on... 把...强加于...之上 【真题重现】:

    Were people friendlier in the past than they are today?

    【真题运用】:

    Besides, the fierce competition in today's society exerts so much
    pressure on

    people that there is no time for them to show friendliness.

1. Ensue 接着发生 【真题重现】:

    Choosing a subject that interests you or one preparing you for a better
    job or career?



    【真题运用】:

    Whenever a new theory in biology is grasped, another cheerful moment
    ensues.

1. Shoulder 肩负 【真题重现】:

    Do some people like to spend time alone when relaxing? 【真题运用】:

    Today, in most enterprises, employees shoulder heavy responsibilities
    during office hours.

1. Boast 取得;拥有

    【真题重现】:

    Are students more influenced by their teachers than by their friends?

    【真题运用】:

    In the eyes of many students, teachers boast absolute authority in
    education.

1. Backup 支持 【真题重现】:

    Should the most important education for students be conducted in the
    classroom, but not out of the classroom?

    【真题运用】:

    To a certain degree, education outside the classroom can be regarded as
    the powerful backup of classroom teaching rather than its unimportant
    accessory.

 1. Steel 使坚强;使坚固 【真题重现】:

    Solving questions using our own knowledge and experience or asking other

    people for advice? 【真题运用】:

    The process of probing deeper into a mystery until the result is out
    indeed tests our ability and steels our personalities.

1. Destructive 破坏的;有害的 【真题重现】:

    Is it a good method to give the same grade to all the members who do the

    same project together? 【真题运用】:

    To some degree, making each one count helps eliminate prejudices and
    undesirable moods that are destructive to the progress and result of the
    project.

1. marvel at... 对...感到惊讶;惊叹
    【真题重现】: Will people reduce car use
    in 20 years?

    【真题运用】:

    Tracing back to the past when only the rich were qualified to possess
    private cars, we couldn't help marveling at the historic change such a
    convenient invention brought to people's daily lives.

1. Alien 外国的 【真题重现】:

    Do people benefit more from traveling in their own country than in a
    foreign country?

    【真题运用】:

    Paying a visit to an alien nation makes it convenient to have direct
    contact with

    unique customs.

1. Motivator 动力;激励因素 【真题重现】:

    Choosing a job: one with more vacation time, or one with high paying but
    less vacation time?

    【真题运用】:

    Additionally, freedom is the best motivator for employees to work with
    passion and a good mood, thus enhancing their working efficiency.
