---
title: 托福写作-独立范文-绝对化
date: 2020-06-19 17:09:01
tags:
    - 托福
    - 写作
categories: 托福
---

##### 独立范文-绝对化

Do you agree or disagree with the following statement? The most important investment for a big company is to improve the efficiency and proficiency of employees.

The construction of superior-quality human resources is critical to a company’s sustainable development. As for an enterprise with a lager scale of working staff, investing in personnel training is particularly necessary and rewarding. Undeniably, so long as the overall ability of employees is enhanced to a higher degree, more profits might be gained and productivity can be improved at the same time. Therefore, it is a wise choice for company leaders to allocate a portion of capital on human resources improvement. However, on no account can a company neglect the significance of other investments.

Admittedly, the working efficiency of employees is of irreplaceable significance to the survival and prosperity of a large enterprise. In reality, as each company has its unique cultural background and values, the work allocations in different companies are supposed to differ extensively. Every post within a business requires some special skills and knowledge that must not have been mastered before. Thereafter, it is imperative to start formal training courses to make him fully qualified to perform his assigned tasks. According to a news report in the famous journal named Business World, the salary level of certified enterprise trainers has been raised due to the increasing demand of large companies which attach great importance to the ability enhancement of their working staff. This vividly indicates that the abilities of employees are closely associated with the general interests of an entire enterprise. From this angle, the investment is absolutely practical.

In fact, there are also other aspects that deserve the company’s attention and investment. For instance, a large amount of money should be invested in enterprise promotion, including TV or magazine advertisements, making
donations to social welfare as well as taking part in diversified commercial activities. Despite the high cost, all these investments are supposed to be rewarding, for they would help lift a company’s image before the public. Besides, the perfection of a comprehensive enterprise welfare system is another investment that should not be omitted by any wise company leaders.

To sum up, in-service education is of essential importance to both the employers and employees. As the major force of a big company’s further development, employees at all levels should be competent enough to perform their assigned duties. On the other hand, investing in other crucial aspects such as welfare system is also playing a indispensable part in a company’s thriving.