---
title: 托福写作-朗读4
date: 2020-06-19 16:26:57
tags:
    - 托福
    - 写作
categories: 托福
---

##### 家长不应该只关注孩子的成绩

In this world of multiple-choice tests, children’s skills are developed unevenly, hampering them from developing their full potential. By focusing only on studying, parents lose sight of the fact that study is only one aspect of education and development. Worse, by judging the children by his or her test scores, parents make them insecure. Parents should focus on developing all of their child’s skills and increasing his or her self-esteem. In short, giving a good education to the child is not only on the basis of financial investment but on the basis of attaching importance to their skill development. So it can be cheaper and get twice the result with half the effort

##### 政府该在保护环境上下点功夫

Likewise, environmental preservation is also of vital importance. In reality, the unprecedented environmental problems are closely associated with economic and scientific advancement, thus demanding attention from the government. To illustrate, among these issues, the most noticeable ones include air and water pollution caused by industrial waste, global warming, acid rain, land depletion, rainforest destruction as well as the excessive consumption of natural resources. Undeniably, no individual is capable of handling all these disasters without tremendous official support. It is the government's responsibility to implement effective policies and take immediate measures to combat these hazards. Moreover, efforts should also be made to increase the awareness of the public to participate in these activities to preserve the environment and avoid further problems

##### 广告导致人饮食不健康

Admittedly, advertising is a possible channel that misleads people into bad eating habits. The masses may have access to numerous food advertisements while watching TV or browsing through newspapers and magazines. In order to establish a good image before the public and make the biggest profits, food producers or restaurants are exaggerating the quality of their products and services. Thus, a number of people, especially children, are attracted to buying more snacks or eating more junk food like McDonald's. These are all harmful to a person's healthy diet.

##### 友谊如此珍贵

Above all, friendship is the most treasured gift life renders to an individual. Therefore, everyone should appreciate and thoroughly comprehend the essential value of friendship. Alfred Capus used to say, we choose our friends by instinct, but we keep them by judgment. With the purpose of making the priceless friendship last longer, it is necessary to learn to evaluate the inner qualities of a potential friend. Recognizing the value of friendship just constitutes an effective way to select a most deserved friend. As a matter of fact, honesty stands out as the most fundamental element that maintains good friendship. Mutual understanding and trust, as well as the willingness to offer emotional support in time of difficulties contribute tremendously to maintaining the solidity of friendship. Furthermore, heart-to-heart compassion and the enjoyment of companionship with each other are also desirable qualities of pure friendship.
