---
title: 托福写作-独立范文-对比类2篇
date: 2020-06-19 17:04:39
tags:
    - 托福
    - 写作
categories: 托福
---

##### 独立范文-对比类1

 Should children only play sports for fun rather than in competitions or
 contests?

Playing sports benefits people tremendously. Not only does joining in such
physical activities help one relax the mind and keep healthy, but it also trains
his character as well. Nowadays, a huge number of youngsters are
enthusiastically taking part in various sports activities. Some adults insist that
children should only play sports for fun rather than competition. As far as I am
concerned, this is an extreme viewpoint.

On the one hand, most children play sports because it is fun. On the
campus playground or in the courtyard, children's laughter can be heard every
now and then when they are playing sports. Evidently, they enjoy these
moments! This is their temporary break from the pressure of schoolwork when
they get to participate in their favorite activities. No matter what kind of
games they are, whether football, basketball, tennis, or some other sport, they
adore running around and feeling as free as birds. Perhaps this is just where
the creative nature of children finds an expression. According to the statistics,
7 out of 10 school- age youngsters prefer to play sports in their leisure time.
This shows us how powerfully appealing sports are to children.

On the other hand, I think that having an opportunity to participate in
a sporting contest may be beneficial to children. As a matter of fact, in
order to become a well-balanced person, one has to cultivate strong willpower
and the ability to compete and cooperate at an early age. Taking part in
competitive sporting events is an effective method of achieving this aim. In
most primary schools, sports meetings are being held every semester. This
indicates that contests really benefit children in many ways. For instance,
during the relay race, students gradually realize the strong power of unity and
teamwork. At the starting line, each competitor is fully prepared to pass the
baton. As soon as the signal rings, they do their utmost to run to reach their
target. The determination to win could be traced in each team member and it
binds their hearts together. Regardless of the final result, everyone has
succeeded in gaining the experience of teamwork and of contributing their
effort.

All in all, I think children should be encouraged to join in various sporting
events. In their efforts to meet the challenges that sport and teamwork
provide, they can train themselves both spiritually and physically and their
potential as an excellent player could be discovered in the process. Thus, there
is no need to prohibit children from playing sports in contests.

##### 对比类2

 Should governments spend more money in support of arts than in support of
 athletics?

As the cultural heritage of mankind, arts embody not merely human
intelligence and creativity, but also unique traditions. Therefore, in order to
pass them down from generation to generation, their purity and uniqueness
should be well protected. It is the government's responsibility to render
financial support to them, especially those with historic value. The same is true
with sports. The significance of athletics has gone far beyond the primary
purpose of maintaining health and gaining strength. The thriving of a nation's
sports symbolizes the overall quality of its people and the comprehensive
strength of the country. As a result, both arts and sports should receive the
government's support.

On the one hand, if more official funds are created, national arts will have the
opportunity to be accepted by the world. Outstanding artists or art groups
might be sponsored on many international tours. They will be able to take
advantage of these overseas travels to disseminate the essences and values of
those arts and make them known to foreign friends. Once a traditional art form
obtains renown abroad, its influence is considerably extended. Take Beijing
Opera as an instance. If such a national treasure could be shown to other
nations, it can become a window for the outside world to understand the
uniqueness of Chinese culture and value.

On the other hand, state sponsorship in athletics is also beneficial to both the
athletes and the nation. With financial support from the government, coaches
and players will have better
training facilities. Higher income might also improve the athletes' living and
health conditions. Besides, a more scientific and advanced sports system can
be established to help cultivate potential team members, who are qualified to
win gold metals in international events like the Olympic games and bring glory
to the country and its people. Hence, the international image of the nation can
be remarkably lifted.

Those essential qualities shown in diversified art forms should be recognized
by the public. The enhancement of sports teams demands tremendous support
from the government.

As long as a dynamic and effective state sponsorship system could be built and
further developed, both arts and athletics will be acknowledged and supported
by all ordinary citizens in the nation.